README.md, before:

# Cards Created

- <b><u>Villager</u></b> - The plain Villager is the default card in the Werewolf game. Usually this card outnumbers all other cards. Every day, the villagers wake up and try to find out which one of their neighbors are werewolves. At the end of every day, they choose one person to kill. There are many other cards that are on the villager team, including the Seer, Hunter, etc. They win once they have killed all of the werewolves. There can still be people alive that are on the werewolf team (like the minion), but the actual werewolves must be dead. These include the plain Werewolf, the Wolf Man, the Dire Wolf, and the Werewolf Cub.
- <b><u>Werewolf</u></b> - This is the plain Werewolf, the main werewolf of the game. They wake up every night and choose one person to kill (doing that every night). They win by eliminating enough villagers so that the amount of alive werewolves or their sympathizers equal or is greater than the amount of alive villagers. There are other werewolves in the game, including the Dire Wolf, the Wolf Man, and the Werewolf Cub. They also have helpers, such as the minion, who do not actually count as werewolves but are on the werewolves team.
- <b><u>Tanner</u></b> - The Tanner card is the card that wishes to die. They win instantly if they are killed by any means. They may use any means necessary to get someone to kill them. Either make people think they're a werewolf, become unreliable so it seems they are a werewolf, etc. As long as they die, they win.
- <b><u>Troublemaker</u></b> - The Troublemaker is just that, a troublemaker. They are on the villager team and is woken up to decide if they want to use their ability or not. They can only use their ability once in the entire game. Their ability is to force the villagers to kill 2 people rather than 1 the following day.  They never have to use their ability in the game, but if they do choose to, they can't use it again.
- <b><u>Seer</u></b> - The seer is one of the most important villagers in the game. They have the ability to see if a player is a type of werewolf. Every night, they are asked who they want to check and are told if they are a type of werewolf or not. The werewolf types are Werewolf, Dire Wolf, Wolf Cub, and Wolf Man. However, there is a villager card that they see as a werewolf called the Lycan. Everything else counts as a villager.
- <b><u>Bodyguard</u></b> - The Bodyguard chooses one person to protect from being killed every night. They can protect a different person every night and can also choose themselves. The only thing they cannot protect a person from is dying because a person they are linked with dies, like people who were chosen by the Cupid. They are on the villagers team and count as a villager.
- <b><u>Cupid</u></b> - The Cupid card is one of the cooler cards, but is confusing to understand. The cupid wakes up the first night and chooses 2 people to link together (they can choose themselves if they want). Once one of them dies, the other also dies, and cannot be prevented. They both know who they are linked to, but they don't know what their card is. Depending on their card, they may have switched to a different team. If they were both on the same team, they remain on that team. If one was a villager and the other was on the werewolf team but NOT a werewolf (like a minion), they are both on the villager team. In any other circumstance, they are on their own team and can only win if they are the last people alive. It is more than likely that these 2 are on the villager team as there are always more villagers than other cards, so it's in the cupid's best interest not to say who they linked (because they are always on the villager team, unless they chose to link themselves) as the werewolves would go after them if they both weren't werewolves. However, they may not be on the villager team, so it is ultimately up to the Cupid to reveal them or not.
  - Here are the conditions for team switching:
  1. If both were on the same team, they remain on the same team.
  2. If one was a villager and the other on the werewolf team but NOT a werewolf, they are both on the villager team.
  3. In any other circumstance, they are on their own team and will only win if they are the only ones to remain.
  - The cupid is not affected by the linked people, but this overrides all other win conditions.
- <b><u>Minion</u></b> - The Minion is on the werewolf team. Their only special trait is that they know who all of the werewolves are, but they don't know who he is. His whole goal is to take suspicion away from the werewolves so that his team can win. That may include pulling suspicion over to himself.
- <b><u>Drunk</u></b> - The Drunk is one of the more interesting and complicated roles. The drunk is essentially a normal villager for the first 2 days, being on the villager team, having the same win condition, etc. Once the third night hits, they sober up and become their true role. Their true role is not revealed to them until this point. At which point, their team switches and they are able to use any abilities that new card has. However, if that card had an action they performed on the very first night, they do not get to use it. But from hence forth, they are that role and will wake up during the night whenever that role would. There are very few roles that this card cannot be, and that is the Dire Wolf and Hoodlum. Because both of those cards had first night actions that would result in something very important, like their win condition or a death effect, they cannot become those cards. They can, however, become a werewolf if there's more than 1 that was specified in the game.
  - It is important to note, cards that override other win conditions, like the cupid will be updated and still override it. Additionally, the seer and any other similar cards see the Drunk as their true card. So, while the Drunk is on the villagers' team while drunk, the seer will see if they are really a werewolf or not, even before the Drunk knows.
- <b><u>Doppelganger</u></b> - The Doppelganger is one of the more interesting cards. The Doppelganger picks a player in the first night to take the role of once they die. They become their role the next night after death, not immediately after. It can be any role, including the Drunk or Cursed. What's important to know is that the Doppelganger's team and win conditions will change to whatever role they take, and they don't know the player's role until after they die and become them. Before this happens, the Doppelganger is a normal villager. Additionally, if the player had a first night action or an ability they already used, they are unable to use it again. This means if they become the Minion, they are on the werewolves team but do not know who the werewolves are, so effectively playing as the Doppelganger requires the player to have been paying close attention the whole game.
  - An important note, for cards that have links with other players, like the Dire Wolf, if the Dire Wolf-like card dies but their link is still alive, the Doppelganger will still have that link, but if they die because their link died, they will basically be just a normal werewolf.
- <b><u>Cursed</u></b> - The Cursed is a team switcher card, starting out as a villager and potentially ending up as a werewolf by the end of the game. The Cursed starts out as a Villager and becomes a plain Werewolf the next night after the werewolves attempt to kill them. So if the werewolves attempt to kill the Cursed on the first night, they will still be a villager during the day, but they will be made aware that they were attacked during the second night, in which case they then become a Werewolf for the rest of the game. However, if the Bodyguard protects the Cursed on the same night the Werewolves attempt to kill them, they do not turn.
- <b><u>Dire Wolf</u></b> - The Dire Wolf is a minor werewolf. They are on the werewolves team and act exactly like a normal werewolf. The only difference is that they pick a companion on the first night. If that companion dies, they die. However, if the Dire Wolf dies, the companion is fine. The companion also doesn't know they are a companion, and the other wolves don't know who the Dire Wolf's companion is.
  - An important note, if the Doppelganger, or a similar card, becomes the Dire Wolf, if the companion is still alive, they will be under the same rules. But if the companion is already dead, they will be just like a normal werewolf.
- <b><u>Hoodlum</u></b> - The Hoodlum is on a team completely on their own. They choose an amount of players equal to the number of werewolves in the game during the first night. When those people die, they win, even if the last werewolf was killed. They have priority over the werewolves and villagers in terms of winning. Obviously, they have to be alive to win, though.
- <b><u>Wolf Man</u></b> - The Wolf Man is the same as a normal werewolf. The only difference is that a seer does not see them as a werewolf.
- <b><u>Wolf Cub</u></b> - The Wolf Cub is very similar to a normal werewolf. The only difference is that when they are killed, the wolves the next night are able to kill an additional person for that night. Apart from that, they have the same win conditions as a normal werewolf.

## Single-Instance Only Cards
There can only be one instance of the following cards in the game currently:
- Tanner
- Troublemaker
- Cupid
- Drunk
- Doppelganger
- Cursed
- Dire Wolf
- Hoodlum

Commit message:

Created and updated the Lycan card

README.md, after:

# Cards Created

- <b><u>Villager</u></b> - The plain Villager is the default card in the Werewolf game. Usually this card outnumbers all other cards. Every day, the villagers wake up and try to find out which one of their neighbors are werewolves. At the end of every day, they choose one person to kill. There are many other cards that are on the villager team, including the Seer, Hunter, etc. They win once they have killed all of the werewolves. There can still be people alive that are on the werewolf team (like the minion), but the actual werewolves must be dead. These include the plain Werewolf, the Wolf Man, the Dire Wolf, and the Werewolf Cub.
- <b><u>Werewolf</u></b> - This is the plain Werewolf, the main werewolf of the game. They wake up every night and choose one person to kill (doing that every night). They win by eliminating enough villagers so that the amount of alive werewolves or their sympathizers equal or is greater than the amount of alive villagers. There are other werewolves in the game, including the Dire Wolf, the Wolf Man, and the Werewolf Cub. They also have helpers, such as the minion, who do not actually count as werewolves but are on the werewolves team.
- <b><u>Tanner</u></b> - The Tanner card is the card that wishes to die. They win instantly if they are killed by any means. They may use any means necessary to get someone to kill them. Either make people think they're a werewolf, become unreliable so it seems they are a werewolf, etc. As long as they die, they win.
- <b><u>Troublemaker</u></b> - The Troublemaker is just that, a troublemaker. They are on the villager team and is woken up to decide if they want to use their ability or not. They can only use their ability once in the entire game. Their ability is to force the villagers to kill 2 people rather than 1 the following day.  They never have to use their ability in the game, but if they do choose to, they can't use it again.
- <b><u>Seer</u></b> - The seer is one of the most important villagers in the game. They have the ability to see if a player is a type of werewolf. Every night, they are asked who they want to check and are told if they are a type of werewolf or not. The werewolf types are Werewolf, Dire Wolf, Wolf Cub, and Wolf Man. However, there is a villager card that they see as a werewolf called the Lycan. Everything else counts as a villager.
- <b><u>Bodyguard</u></b> - The Bodyguard chooses one person to protect from being killed every night. They can protect a different person every night and can also choose themselves. The only thing they cannot protect a person from is dying because a person they are linked with dies, like people who were chosen by the Cupid. They are on the villagers team and count as a villager.
- <b><u>Cupid</u></b> - The Cupid card is one of the cooler cards, but is confusing to understand. The cupid wakes up the first night and chooses 2 people to link together (they can choose themselves if they want). Once one of them dies, the other also dies, and cannot be prevented. They both know who they are linked to, but they don't know what their card is. Depending on their card, they may have switched to a different team. If they were both on the same team, they remain on that team. If one was a villager and the other was on the werewolf team but NOT a werewolf (like a minion), they are both on the villager team. In any other circumstance, they are on their own team and can only win if they are the last people alive. It is more than likely that these 2 are on the villager team as there are always more villagers than other cards, so it's in the cupid's best interest not to say who they linked (because they are always on the villager team, unless they chose to link themselves) as the werewolves would go after them if they both weren't werewolves. However, they may not be on the villager team, so it is ultimately up to the Cupid to reveal them or not.
  - Here are the conditions for team switching:
  1. If both were on the same team, they remain on the same team.
  2. If one was a villager and the other on the werewolf team but NOT a werewolf, they are both on the villager team.
  3. In any other circumstance, they are on their own team and will only win if they are the only ones to remain.
  - The cupid is not affected by the linked people, but this overrides all other win conditions.
- <b><u>Minion</u></b> - The Minion is on the werewolf team. Their only special trait is that they know who all of the werewolves are, but they don't know who he is. His whole goal is to take suspicion away from the werewolves so that his team can win. That may include pulling suspicion over to himself.
- <b><u>Drunk</u></b> - The Drunk is one of the more interesting and complicated roles. The drunk is essentially a normal villager for the first 2 days, being on the villager team, having the same win condition, etc. Once the third night hits, they sober up and become their true role. Their true role is not revealed to them until this point. At which point, their team switches and they are able to use any abilities that new card has. However, if that card had an action they performed on the very first night, they do not get to use it. But from hence forth, they are that role and will wake up during the night whenever that role would. There are very few roles that this card cannot be, and that is the Dire Wolf and Hoodlum. Because both of those cards had first night actions that would result in something very important, like their win condition or a death effect, they cannot become those cards. They can, however, become a werewolf if there's more than 1 that was specified in the game.
  - It is important to note, cards that override other win conditions, like the cupid will be updated and still override it. Additionally, the seer and any other similar cards see the Drunk as their true card. So, while the Drunk is on the villagers' team while drunk, the seer will see if they are really a werewolf or not, even before the Drunk knows.
- <b><u>Doppelganger</u></b> - The Doppelganger is one of the more interesting cards. The Doppelganger picks a player in the first night to take the role of once they die. They become their role the next night after death, not immediately after. It can be any role, including the Drunk or Cursed. What's important to know is that the Doppelganger's team and win conditions will change to whatever role they take, and they don't know the player's role until after they die and become them. Before this happens, the Doppelganger is a normal villager. Additionally, if the player had a first night action or an ability they already used, they are unable to use it again. This means if they become the Minion, they are on the werewolves team but do not know who the werewolves are, so effectively playing as the Doppelganger requires the player to have been paying close attention the whole game.
  - An important note, for cards that have links with other players, like the Dire Wolf, if the Dire Wolf-like card dies but their link is still alive, the Doppelganger will still have that link, but if they die because their link died, they will basically be just a normal werewolf.
- <b><u>Cursed</u></b> - The Cursed is a team switcher card, starting out as a villager and potentially ending up as a werewolf by the end of the game. The Cursed starts out as a Villager and becomes a plain Werewolf the next night after the werewolves attempt to kill them. So if the werewolves attempt to kill the Cursed on the first night, they will still be a villager during the day, but they will be made aware that they were attacked during the second night, in which case they then become a Werewolf for the rest of the game. However, if the Bodyguard protects the Cursed on the same night the Werewolves attempt to kill them, they do not turn.
- <b><u>Dire Wolf</u></b> - The Dire Wolf is a minor werewolf. They are on the werewolves team and act exactly like a normal werewolf. The only difference is that they pick a companion on the first night. If that companion dies, they die. However, if the Dire Wolf dies, the companion is fine. The companion also doesn't know they are a companion, and the other wolves don't know who the Dire Wolf's companion is.
  - An important note, if the Doppelganger, or a similar card, becomes the Dire Wolf, if the companion is still alive, they will be under the same rules. But if the companion is already dead, they will be just like a normal werewolf.
- <b><u>Hoodlum</u></b> - The Hoodlum is on a team completely on their own. They choose an amount of players equal to the number of werewolves in the game during the first night. When those people die, they win, even if the last werewolf was killed. They have priority over the werewolves and villagers in terms of winning. Obviously, they have to be alive to win, though.
- <b><u>Wolf Man</u></b> - The Wolf Man is the same as a normal werewolf. The only difference is that a seer does not see them as a werewolf.
- <b><u>Wolf Cub</u></b> - The Wolf Cub is very similar to a normal werewolf. The only difference is that when they are killed, the wolves the next night are able to kill an additional person for that night. Apart from that, they have the same win conditions as a normal werewolf
- <b><u>Lycan</u></b> - The Lycan is just like a villager, except that the Seer, and any similar card, sees the Lycan as a werewolf, despite being just like a villager. They win the same way normal villagers win, except for that one change.

## Single-Instance Only Cards
There can only be one instance of the following cards in the game currently:
- Tanner
- Troublemaker
- Cupid
- Drunk
- Doppelganger
- Cursed
- Dire Wolf
- Hoodlum
